Do you want you to go to that room? You want me to sleep with you.
If you don't want to change the water, don't worry, then I'll sleep over there.
Ah? Is that okay? Then you can share a room with me?
Sorry, I don't believe you.
What? Seeing such an outstanding person in Loufang,
Will you be able to match yourself from the bottom of your heart?
Self-carrying, I am not aware of two places where self-carrying is OK.
By the way, how about the fact that I asked you to help me meet with the building?
Ah, I already collected it when I dropped it off.
The tightest room for sale, please call me later.
Okay? Then you can play a little bit for me.
Otherwise my boyfriend will harm me
My chance to see Long Huang one last time is gone.